Hide + Seek Bucharest (21.06.2026)
This document includes amendments and clarifications to the rules in the official Hide + Seek rulebook. Please read it carefully before playing the game. If during the game, there are some things not clear, you can always reach out to the Helpdesk team.
We are planning to play a Medium Metric Game using Expansion Pack #1*.
Summary
Unless otherwise agreed by both teams, there will be a coin toss before the start of the game to decide the hiding order, and the winners will decide whether to hide or seek first.
Teams will meet up on Piata Unirii (exact location tbd later, depending on the construction there) at or before 09:00 or 10:00. The first team of hiders will be given 60 minutes to travel to a hiding zone. When this time is up, they must be within the hiding zone, but not necessarily at the station. The seekers will be released from the starting point at this time.
The hiders are considered found once any seeker is within 1.5 m of any hider and has spotted them.
At this point, the roles rotate and the other team becomes the hiders. Their hiding time starts when the next METRO in any direction that they could reasonably catch departs from the stop. This applies regardless of whether the hiders board it or not.
(For instance, if they are a five-minute walk from the stop and the next tram that calls at a station located in the game area departs in five or more minutes’ time, their hiding time starts when this tram departs.)
The seekers will once again be released from the same location 60 minutes later.
If both teams agree to it, the game may also be paused in between rounds (e.g. for lunch) and resumed at a time mutually agreed by both teams.
The game ends once the final team of hiders has been found, or the time reaches 19:00, whichever comes first. The winner will be the team with the longest time hidden.
Changing the endtime can be negotiated before and during the game, if everybody in the game approves.

* = If we can have at least one expansion pack per team, the expansion pack gets added, otherwise, we’re only playing with the home game
Amendments
Hiding
This is an official map of the Bucharest Metro system. The custom map is based on this map.

Your final hiding location must be reachable from the metro station without leaving and reentering your zone.
If your final hiding location is outdoors, it must be within 3 metres of a path marked on Google Maps.
This rule does not apply if you are hiding indoors. However, you may not hide inside a business (e.g. a shop, restaurant, cafe, pub, cinema, casino or hotel) or a hospital.
You must ensure that your hiding location is publicly accessible (i.e. does not require a ticket to enter) throughout all game hours (when seekers are released until the end).
Please keep in mind not all tram stops are a valid hiding zone. Please double check if your preferred tram stop is a hiding zone by checking the map. If your preferred stop is not included, it’s because there are many tram stops nearby. Please consider choosing those stops instead. Exceptions will not be made. 
The Endgame
The endgame is triggered once the seekers have entered the hiders’ zone and have exited the station. Once this occurs, the hiders may no longer move.
If seekers subsequently have travelled double the hiding zone radius from the hiding zone, the endgame has ended and hiders can move and find another hiding spot.
Transport and Tickets
Transport Modes Allowed
You may take any Metrorex Metro and STB Tram or Bus.
You may not take any Trains or Buses by other operators
You may not use bicycles, e-bikes, taxis or any other form of private transport. 
Please ensure you have a valid ticket for any form of transport you board. We can recommend two tickets:
The Metrorex 24h Subscription for 12 RON / €2,4. This ticket is valid for 24h and is valid on all metro services. Please note that when tapping in to enter the station, you cannot tap in anymore for 15 minutes. If something happens which means you cannot enter the station anymore with a valid ticket, seek a member of staff. Every station has one staff member.
If you do need to use a STB service, you can buy a trip in the vehicle at the card readers with your contactless card, smartphone, smartwatch, etc. for 3 RON / €0,60, valid for 90 minutes.


The Metrorex + STB Integrated 24h Subscription for 18 RON / €3,6. This ticket is valid for 24h and is valid on all metro and STB services. Please note that when tapping in to enter a metro station, you cannot tap in anymore for 15 minutes.
Both these tickets are available from any ticket office. Every metro station has a ticket office and the staff operating the ticket offices should be able to speak English, especially those located at the central metro stations, where a lot of tourists go.
Seeking

You may not use Google Street View, reverse image search, OpenStreetMap queries or any form of artificial intelligence (AI) when seeking.

The following thermometers are available:
500m
1 km
3 km
10 km

The following radar questions are available:
500 m
1 km
2 km
5 km
10 km
15 km
Custom

The following tentacle questions are available:
Museums within 2 km
Libraries within 2 km
Movie theatres within 2 km
Hospitals within 2 km
Covrigarie* shops within 2 km
* = Not in original Home Game, special to H+S Bucharest 2026

For matching and measuring questions, only features located within the game area count. The source of authority for locations is Google Maps, and measuring should be done to the pin on the map unless otherwise specified.
Features in the table below with a map symbol 🗺️ are marked on the map for this game.
For features not listed below, anywhere with five or more reviews on Google Maps is considered legitimate.
Feature
Definition
1st administrative division
Sectors (🗺️ See Map)
2nd administrative division
n/a
3rd administrative division
n/a
4th administrative division
n/a
International border
n/a
1st administrative division border
Border of the Sectors and the City of Bucharest (🗺️ See Map)
2nd administrative division border
n/a
Commercial airport
🗺️ See Map
High-speed train line
n/a
Rail station
🗺️ See Map
Landmass
n/a
Mountain
n/a
Park
🗺️ See Map
Body of water
🗺️ See Map
Amusement park
🗺️ See Map
Sea level
Rounded to the nearest integer (-1, 0, 1, 2, etc.) and using your phone’s built-in compass. 
Coastline
n/a
Zoo
🗺️ See Map
Aquarium
n/a
Golf course
🗺️ See Map
Museum
🗺️ See Map
Cinema (movie theatre)
🗺️ See Map
Hospital
🗺️ See Map
Library
🗺️ See Map
Foreign consulate
🗺️ See Map
Covrigarie*
🗺️ See Map


* = Not in original Home Game, special to H+S Bucharest 2026
Deck Composition
The following cards from the Base Game  have been removed:
Curse of the Egg Partner
Curse of the Endless Tumble
Curse of the Lemon Phylactery
5-minute bonus x6

The following cards from Expansion Pack Volume 1 have been added:*
5% time bonus x4 
10% time bonus x4
60-minute time bonus x1 (note: there are four in the deck, but we are only adding one) 
Time trap x5
Discard me x2 
Nothing x5
Discard 3, draw 4 x4
Draw 2, expand 2 x2
All curses, except:
Curse of the Oracle
Curse of the Runner
Curse of the Okaihau Express
Curse of the Seventh Seal
Curse of the Strongman
Curse of the Post Office

* = If we can have at least one expansion pack per team, the expansion pack gets added, otherwise, we’re only playing with the home game
Curse Modifications

Please also see additional reference rules for the expansion pack and further Curses
Accessible Mode
The following modifications will be in effect:
You must decide on a destination before the end of your hiding time and inform Helpdesk of your choice. Once you have informed Helpdesk, you may not change your destination.
If your vehicle is delayed en route and you are no longer able to reach your destination within your hiding time, you must inform Helpdesk and still stick to your chosen destination.
You may walk quickly, but you may not run or jog.
You may not use steps. A step is any surface that rises by at least 10 cm without a gradual slope.
Hiding spots must be accessible – without steps, steep inclines or other obstacles.
You may not board buses or trains if they lack available space for a wheelchair.
Whilst hiding, if you are unable to board the first vehicle out of your first station due to lack of wheelchair space, you may delay your recorded hiding start time (and end time) by the difference between that vehicle and the next vehicle that stops at your pre-chosen destination.
If you do this, you must inform Helpdesk and the seekers – so it’s up to you if you wish to take the extra time or pick another option!

Deck Modifications for Accessible Mode
🌍 Curse of the Curious Explorer: If the location is not step-free, consider it closed for game purposes. 

✋ Curse of the Non-dominant Hand: Both hands may be used to enable movement or other non-gameplay functions. 

👸🏻 Curse of the Passenger Princess: If there are only two seekers, someone with limited mobility may not be selected as the driver.

🦈 Curse of the Shark: For any players in a wheelchair, any form of motion counts as walking.

🚶 Curse of the Strider: Remember that you may not run or jog.

Other clarifications
Power-ups
Vetos are now permanent and cannot be asked at double cost, as explained on the Layover episode “Inside the Game Design of Season 16”.
Randomise does not include the question originally asked. The seekers must use a random number generator to select from the remaining questions in that category. The new question may be abandoned for a null answer.
Photo Questions
The subject of a photo (excluding “sightline” questions) must be partially or fully located within the hiding zone. 
Hiders are allowed to censor names of restaurants, shops, etc., as long as the ‘main subject’ of the picture is still clearly visible. So for instance; when asked for the tallest building from tram stop, you cannot censor the entire building or obvious features, only names.
If the hiders cannot take a photo that fulfills the required criteria (for instance, if no such feature exists, or if they would have to move during the endgame), they may give a null answer.
Hiders may start taking photos as soon as they are in their hiding zone. They may choose to send these photos at a later time, except during the endgame.
This does not apply to photos taken for curses, which may be taken and sent at any time.


🏢 Tallest Building Visible from Transit Station / Any Building Visible from Transit Station
If there are no buildings visible from a particular station entrance, you must choose another entrance to take your photo from. You cannot give a null answer unless there are no buildings visible from any station entrance.

⛩️ Tallest Structure in Your Current Sightline
Although the description of the question refers to a building, any permanent immobile man-made structure counts. Remember, it’s from your perspective, so not necessarily the objectively tallest structure. This also means you can take the picture while sitting down or lying down.

🚸 Trace Nearest Street/Path
The street must be marked on Google Maps. The hiders can choose to show the trace oriented North, South, West or East. The intersection of a path with the edge of the hiding zone counts as an intersection.

🛣️ Widest Street
If asked before the endgame, answer with the widest street in your hiding zone. If asked during the endgame, answer with the widest street in your sightline. Your photo must be from curb to curb.

Matching Questions
🚇 Transit Line
The answer is yes if the transit the seekers are currently riding will stop at the hider's station (emphasis added). In other words, this does not include past stops.

🔤 Station Name's Length
You must answer with ‘same length’ or ‘not the same length.’ All characters count, including spaces and punctuation (e.g. apostrophes, ampersand and parentheses).
You must use the names as spelled on the game map. We are basing the names of the official DeLijn map, which you can check here.

Curses
🤑 Curse of the Anonymous Benefactor: A public place is defined as anywhere that is open and accessible to the general public.

🐦‍⬛ Curse of the Bird Guide: The bird must be alive and not kept in captivity.

🧠 Curse of the Empty Mind: After playing this curse, you may still play any cards in your hand that enable you to draw additional cards (e.g. Discard 1, Draw 2).

🚪 Curse of the Jammed Door: If entering a building, a doorway is defined as having full-height doors attached to it (even if they are open) and a ceiling. You do not need to roll dice to enter a different part of the same building. Station shopping centres are separate buildings from stations. You must roll dice before entering an elevator that will take you to a different building. Outdoor shelters with doors are an exception.

☎️ Curse of the Landline: “Game-related purposes” does not include asking questions, which is still allowed. A wall outlet is somewhere that takes power from a publicly accessible vehicle or building.

👸🏻 Curse of the Passenger Princess: If the seekers are in a team of three, the passenger princess’ teammates may split the driver duties between them.

✈️ Curse of the Planespotter: An airplane is a powered aircraft with wings. Helicopters, drones, gliders and paper planes do not count.

🍍 Curse of the Pomologist: The fruit must not be one that you have brought with you.

🦢 Curse of the Seabird: The first sentence should read: “Seekers must photograph a bird within 3 meters of a body of water before asking another question.” The bird must be alive, and you may not move it to within 3 m of a body of water.

🦈 Curse of the Shark: You may not board any form of transit until this curse has been cleared, even if there is space to walk around the vehicle you want to board. If you are on a form of transit while this curse is played, it will take effect when you alight.

🔫 Curse of the Sniper: You do not have to send the photo immediately. However, it must have been taken during the endgame.

👻 Curse of the Untethered Spirit: This curse may only be played in the endgame. 

Distances and Coordinates
For measuring, radar and thermometer questions, you must send the coordinates of the relevant points to the hiders when you ask your question. If you don’t have reception at the centre/end point because you are on an underground train, you can use the Google Maps public transport layer to get coordinates, which may be announced once you regain signal.
When measuring, use Google Maps’ ‘measure distance’ tool. A ‘hit’ is whenever the number displayed is less than or equal to the desired distance when rounded up or down.
Depending on your device, Google Maps may round to the nearest 1 m for distances <1 km, the nearest 0.1 km for distances 1–9.9 km, and the nearest 1 km for distances over 10 km, as follows:
When the game
says…
It’s a hit when Google Maps says…
It’s a miss when Google Maps says…
500 m
500 m
501 m
1 km
1 km
1.1 km
2 km
2 km
2.1 km
5 km
5 km
5.1 km
10 km
10 km
11 km
15 km
15 km
16 km
25 km
25 km
26 km


If asking a custom radar, your distance must be a valid increment on Google Maps, rounding based on the table above.
Be aware that the hiders might move in the 5 minutes they have to answer the question, so they could answer differently depending on where in their zone they are!


Matching and Tentacles

For matching questions, if you are equidistant to the seekers’ nearest feature and another feature of the same category, you must answer yes – your nearest feature is the same as theirs.
Example: The seekers’ nearest railway station is Gara de Nord. You are the same distance from Gara de Nord as you are from Obor/Est. If the seekers ask the matching railway station question, you must say that your closest railway station is the same as theirs.

For tentacle questions, if you are equidistant to your two nearest features of the category being asked, you may choose which answer to give.
	Example: Your nearest museums are Muzeul Național de Artă and Muzeul "Theodor Aman", and both museums are the same distance away from you. If the seekers ask the museum tentacle question, you may answer either Muzeul Național de Artă or Muzeul "Theodor Aman".
